             Running the Angular 6 Login Tutorial Example Locally
The tutorial example uses Webpack 4.8 to transpile the TypeScript code and bundle the Angular 6 modules together, and the webpack dev server is used as the local web server, to learn more about using webpack with TypeScript you can check out the webpack docs.

Install NodeJS and NPM from https://nodejs.org/en/download/.
Download or clone the tutorial project source code from https://github.com/Abasahebshelvane/CreaxInovation_project.git
Install all required npm packages by running npm install from the command line in the project root folder (where the package.json is located).
Start the application by running npm start from the command line in the project root folder.
Your browser should automatically open at http://localhost:4200 with the demo Angular 6 login page displayed.

Running the Angular CLI Version of the Tutorial Example Locally
This version of the tutorial example is pretty much the same as the Webpack version above, I've just copied it into the project structure generated by Angular CLI (6.0.8) to make it easier for anybody that's using Angular CLI.

Install NodeJS and NPM from https://nodejs.org/en/download/.
Install Angular CLI by running npm install -g @angular/cli
Download the project source code from https://github.com/Abasahebshelvane/CreaxInovation_project.git
Install all required npm packages by running npm install from the command line in the project root folder (where the package.json is located).
Start the application by running ng serve --open from the command line in the project root folder.
Your browser should automatically open at http://localhost:4200 with the demo Angular 6 login page displayed.

Running the Tutorial Example with a Real Backend API
The tutorial uses a fake backend that stores users in HTML5 local storage, to switch to using a real web service simply remove the fake backend providers in the app.module.ts file below the comment // providers used to create fake backend.

Angular 6 Tutorial Project Structure
The project and code structure of the tutorial mostly follows the best practice recommendations in the official Angular Style Guide, with a few of my own tweaks here and there.

The project structure has a folder per feature (home, login & register), while other shared/common code (services, models, guards, directives & helpers) is placed in folders prefixed with an underscore "_" to easily differentiate between shared code and feature specific code, the prefix also groups shared component folders together at the top of the folder structure.

The index.ts files in each folder are barrel files that group the exported modules from a folder together so they can be imported using the folder path instead of the full module path and to enable importing multiple modules in a single import (e.g. import { AlertService, UserService } from '../_services').

Here's the tutorial project structure:

src
app
_directives
     .alert.component.html
     .alert.component.ts
    .index.ts
_guards
   .auth.guard.ts
   .index.ts
_helpers
   .fake-backend.ts
   .error.interceptor.ts
   .jwt.interceptor.ts
   .index.ts
_models
   .user.ts
   .index.ts
_services
  .alert.service.ts
  .authentication.service.ts
  .user.service.ts
  .index.ts
_home
    .home.component.html
    .home.component.ts
    .index.ts
_login
    .login.component.html
    .login.component.ts
    .index.ts
_register
    .register.component.html
    .register.component.ts
    .index.ts
_admindashboard
    .admindashboard.component.ts
    .admindashboard.component.html
_app.component.html
_app.component.ts
_app.module.ts
_app.routing.ts
_index.html
main.ts
polyfills.ts
typings.d.ts
package.json
tsconfig.json
webpack.config.js
